Update difference-between-call-and-apply-methods.md (#1598)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/core/functions-iii/difference-between-call-and-apply-methods.md

The main difference between the two methods is the way they handle arguments.

> For the `.apply` method, we have to pass an array of arguments, and for the `.call` method we have to pass the arguments one by one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `.apply` method, we have to pass in an array of arguments, but for the `.call` method we have to pass in the arguments one by one.
```
